Do not pass gridspec_kw to inner layouts in subplot_mosaic (#24189)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/api/next_api_changes/behavior/24189-JB.rst

> ``fig.subplot_mosaic`` no longer passes the ``gridspec_kw`` args to the nested gridspecs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``fig.subplot_mosaic`` no longer passes the ``gridspec_kw`` args to nested gridspecs.
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Previously, the ``gridspec_kw`` dictionary was passed to the nested
> gridspecs, as well as the outer gridspec. This caused errors with many
> options, such as the ``"width_ratios"`` and ``"height_ratios"``
> options if the inner layout was incompatible with either of these
> ratios. This dictionary is no longer passed to the inner layouts, and
> users are directed by the docstring to construct the layout manually
> if the inner layouts require any of these args.

Reviewer: Suggest something a bit shorter:
```suggestion
For nested `.Figure.subplot_mosaic` layouts *gridspec_kw* arguments are not necessarily 
compatible between nest levels.  This dictionary is no longer passed to the inner layouts.  Users 
who need to modify *gridspec_kw* at multiple levels should use `.Figure.subfigure` to get nesting, 
and construct the inner layouts with `.Figure.subplots` or `.Figure.subplot_mosaic`.  
```

Author: Added
